= yuicompressor_ruby -- YUI Compressor wrapped in Ruby

== Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. Dependencies
3. Installation
4. Usage
5. Development
6. YUI Compressor

== 1. Introduction

This is a Ruby wrapper for the obfuscation engine 
{YUI Compressor}[http://yuilibrary.com/projects/yuicompressor/].

The {YUI Compressor}[http://yuilibrary.com/projects/yuicompressor/]
engine has a command line interface.  This wrapper allows you to use the
obfuscation engine within your Ruby scripts.  

== 2. Dependencies

* {Ruby 1.9.2}[http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/] or greater
* {YUI Compressor}[http://yuilibrary.com/projects/yuicompressor/]
  (v2.4.7 is include in this gem's ext folder)
  * {Java}[http://www.java.com/en/download/manual.jsp?locale=en] ( >= 1.5 )

== 3. Installation

=== Rubygems:
You might need to use sudo.
 gem install yuicompressor_ruby

=== Not Rubygems:
1. Download yuicompressor_ruby[http://bitbucket.org/martinvelez/yuicompressor_ruby/downloads]
2. Require the YUICompressor Ruby class file in your program (lib folder) 
   * YUI Compressor is located in this gems <b>ext</b> folder.

== 4. Usage

=== Example 1
This example is found in the examples directory.
 #!/usr/bin/env ruby

 require 'yuicompressor'

 input = ARGF.read
 # Assuming engine is installed in this gem's "ext" folder.
 # Otherwise, you must pass the engine's executable path to the class's 
 # constructor.
 # For example:
 # engine = YUICompressor.new({:command => "/path/to/engine"})
 engine = YUICompressor.new

 output, errors, status = engine.obfuscate(input)

 puts "STATUS:", status
 puts "ERRORS: ", errors
 puts "OUTPUT:", output


== 5. Development

Author:: {Martin Velez}[http://www.martinvelez.com]
Copyright:: Copyright (C) 2012 {Martin Velez}[http://www.martinvelez.com]
License:: GPL[http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html]

=== Source
Bitbucket[https://bitbucket.org/martinvelez/yuicompressor_ruby/src] is hosting this code.
 http://bitbucket.org/martinvelez/w32evol_ruby/src

=== Issues and Bug Reports
Provide feedback, get help, request features, and reports bugs here:
 https://bitbucket.org/martinvelez/yuicompressor_ruby/issues?status=new?status=open

== 6. YUI Compressor
The YUI Compressor project was downloaded, extracted, and included in this 
gem's <b>ext</b> folder.

Version:: 2.4.7[http://yuilibrary.com/download/yuicompressor/]
Home:: http://yuilibrary.com/projects/yuicompressor/
YUI Compressor License:: BSD[http://yuilibrary.com/license/]

